Build information (#875)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/build-information.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

## Basic Example

> This example will upload [build information](https://octopus.com/docs/packaging-applications/build-servers#build-information) contained in buildInfo.json to Octopus Deploy for the specified package and version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uploads [build information](https://octopus.com/docs/packaging-applications/build-servers#build-information) contained in buildInfo.json to Octopus Deploy for the specified package and version.
```

<details>
<summary>buildInfo.json</summary>
<p>

```json
{
  "BuildEnvironment":"BitBucket",
  "Branch":"master",
  "BuildNumber":"288",
  "BuildUrl":"https://bitbucket.org/octopussamples/petclinic/addon/pipelines/home#!/results/288",
  "VcsType":"Git",
  "VcsRoot":"http://bitbucket.org/octopussamples/petclinic",
  "VcsCommitNumber":"314cf2c3ee916c92a384c2796a6abe332d678e4f",
  "Commits":[
      {
         "Id":"314cf2c3ee916c92a384c2796a6abe332d678e4f",
         "Comment":"PET-1 - test runbook with 0.15.0 of pipe"
      }
   ]
}
```
</p>
</details>

```text

> octo.exe build-information --package-id="PetClinic.web" --version="1.0.200803.1002" --file="buildInfo.json" --server="http://samples.octopus.app" --apiKey="API-MyKey" --space="Target - Wildfly"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
octo build-information --package-id="PetClinic.web" --version="1.0.200803.1002" --file="buildInfo.json" --server="http://samples.octopus.app" --apiKey="API-MyKey" --space="Target - Wildfly"
```
